Hello!

I read your job post and I was quite interested in your project.
Firstly, as a senior web developer, I am well versed in ReactJS frameworks. While I was developing many react projects I gained a lot experience of MEAN Stack and I used many modules to solve different issues. 
Secondly, I used to built smart and convenient web pages using HTML5 and other techs such as Bootstrap, Jquery and so on.

So I think that I have most of skills you want and I am sure I can make you happy in your project.
I hope we will see in near future and if you want call me at any time. Thank you! 


-------------------shopify--------------------------------
Hello!

I was very excited about your job post and I want to work for you.
As you know, shopify is a kind of e-commerce it's a little difficult and it requires many features.
In addition, developing the shopify with MERN Stack(Mongo,  Express, React, Node) requires a lot modules and experience for them.
I have been working as javascript developer so far and I gained a lot knowledge and experience developing many kinds of e-commerce sites. 
So I think that I would make you happy by developing the project more smart and more fast and more convenient for users.

I hope we will meet soon and good luck! Thanks! 


------------------wordpress---------------------------------
Hello client!

I read your job post and I thought I was just a person who you were looking for.
I have a lot experience with Wordpress through developing many themes and plugins for 4 years.

In detail: 
- I am very good at developing the theme from scratch. In your case, I just need to customize the project so that I can finish it in a short time.
- Please visit https://www.77infotech.com/ this is the simplest one of my projects I've done.

And I am sure that I will build your project in a week!
I look forward to hearing from you.
Thank you!


------------------python--------------------------------
Hello, sir.

Thank you for your job posting. 

After reading your job post, I am interested in your project because I think my skill set is a good fit for your job.

I am proficient in API consuming, REST API, session & cookie, security, and optimization, unit testing, end-to-end testing, authentication, and payment gateways like Stripe using Python.

Now I am growing rates of upwork because I got into upwork a few months ago.

Thank you for your consideration.
Looking forward to hearing from you.
Best Regards less


------------------python Exception Process---------------
Hello. 

I read your job post and I am quite interested in your project.
I have been working as python developer for 3 years, I implemented many exception processes in every projects. 
Especially, sns in aws may occur some errors related to Sync, Async process and in this case we should use special functions such as try, catch and so on.

I think that I can set this part using python properly and you would be satisfied with clean and perfect project.

I look forward to hearing from you.
Thank you.



--------------------------django(back), React(front)----------

Hello,

I read your job post and I am quite interested in your project.
While I was developing many projects using Python and React, I have built many smart and beautiful web pages using CSS3 or theme.
In addition, if I use React for front-end, your project will be more reactive and interactive so that it would be very good fit for students.
And then Django is very good for it's back-end because of django's advanced security.

I believe that I would make you happy by delivering the beautiful and perfect project.
Just let me know when is the best time.
Thank you. less



------------------------scrapy------------------------
Hello, 

Hello, 

I read your job post and I am quite interested in your project.
Well, as I am working for scraper, I gained a lot of experience and I am sure that I would make you happy delivering the perfect project.

I will send the some of my project I have just finished. This project has functionality that scrap data from api and store them to csv file.
I guess that I could finish that in 3 days.

Thank you.
 parseAPI-Spider-master.zip (8.54 KB)
